Anyway, unary constraints restrict
the value of a given variable,
like saying Tasmania can't be purple.
>> Binary constraints relate,
at most, two variables.
We can represent those
with a constraint graph.
>> Here's a constraint graph for
our Australia coloring problem.
Nodes are the variables,
like Western Australia,
South Australia, Queensland, etc.
Arcs show the constraints
between the variables.
>> We can apply general-purpose
constraint satisfaction problem
algorithms to the graph structure to
speed up our search for an answer.
For example, Tasmania is independent
from the rest of the problem.